hello we are curious on the channel
barbarians we will do with you try
jelly oranges yes here we have
there is an orange we are important housing any colors
what will you find before
little plates of legs all we need
we start max
that we cut an orange so you're away
cut along the cut at the checkout
that's how juicy and start and where I clean
we need to completely clean the pulp for
we got this 4 halves
orange we get them out of style here they are us
desert and prepared beforehand developed
pitying different colors yellow
hot pink cherry she's here and
festively
and it looks like let's start flooding
let's start the excess water is orange
strawberry and here such here too we will fill in
strawberry or we mix come on neatly
and a yellow yellow eat let
neatly on the vacuum and like this
now we will put it in the fridge on
a few hours and then see what
we got some snacks before
poison we wait well here we have passed 3
o'clock
froze
oranges cut paris pipe
we were sorry we made mold
yes you made anyone.
delphi in the shell and seal well
that you are raster with an orange or
strawberry deliciously cool still smells
orange peel
delicious well then we will fly these
goodies all machine yet
next like the likes like
subscribe to our channel
comment look at you
until
I ate everything